What's up kids today we bring you rena
no twists a free to play shooter
developed by an idea and that we
moved to the Renaissance era would be
the big brother or the pc version
of the game for tablet that we already saw
previously as it is a free to
play and you have already finished your beta
you can download it from your
official page
well once we have already started
the game we have before us the
main menu where we have access to
everything that this game offers us as
you know it's a free to play
so we will not have to buy it
to be able to play but have a store
within the game by which we can
buy infinity of objects here what
we see all divided into categories
or with the points that generate the
play simply or buying the currency
of the game
and an example of what we could buy
it would be from from the weapon we have
different types of weapons and we can
buy new characters or objects to
our characters for example a
hat that improves us the amount of
ammunition that we collect since the mode of
game that has a little peculiar and not
We have several chargers simply
we have a charger and our crossbow and
apart from our gun vélez so no
we can not recharge
here we can also buy as I have already
said all the character for example this
this iron mask that would give us
something more than point of life
like all the suits and weapons that are
quite well achieved and set in
the time of the Renaissance
something very fun they know they have are
the ceremonies
literally translated to what they would be
typical mote and here after
kill one we could activate it
by pressing the z button and each one
also it improves us some attributes
well let's go to the important that our
profile here we could choose between
all the characters that are available
everything and everyone are pretty good
quite well done considering
the characteristics of rebirth and
well we have now this
selected
and here we could create from our three
classes that come by default and each
one has the main weapon that usually
be the submachine gun
in our crossbow the special weapon and
our soul melee broad here
we could customize it with everything
what we have bought in the store
we can apply all the enhancers
that they are would be like the perch and all the
ceremony or objects that we have
bought
here we have the websites or missions are
as a reward for example when doing
of ml attacks because they give us as a
achievement and with that achievement they give us this
sort of banner that serves us well
simply to customize our
profile
here in our profile, we have
all our statistics the time
that we have played in the experience and
everything else
and this is the typical ranking and the
messages from our friends
now
Well, we've already seen that he was reborn in
heros is a pretty attractive game since
not only because of its graphic section that
take advantage of the engine of a real
but for its playability and all its
game modes including the typical
duel by team in the different maps
all set in the time of
renaissance in relation heros is very
important to have control of the map at
style a real tournament since we were
improvements will appear for our
character some more special weapons and
over all ammunition that will be very
important since it does not give us the
possibility to recharge our weapon
also if we add that a game
free there is no reason why
you can download and try it
same
Well, I hope you liked the
video and see you in the next